txt
Here's what happened, from my perspective: 

Jord inspected the Yod Gwards upon the door; the imperfections in it's making that make it incapable of even hearing the song that fractured its hinges. Jord spoke a word, and the door shuddered.

Temper stepped into the room. His eyes blurred slightly as he took in the YoD’Gka of the Black Maw. Semek, then Goov, and now these latter-day servants of the shunt have been gettin' busy shoving dwarves down the Endless Hole. Here his eyes darted as he counted. There were more dwarves in this room than had survived the fall of Kal Herol, all barely alive, but still struggling to survive, to hold to this side a while longer. His grim smile turned crimson as he saw, between his eye and the flame of the YoD’Gka, a dark shimmering in the air, a shadow, or perhaps someone who was about to wake up in a tomb he had defininately tea-bagged.

This was a humble moment for Temper, he listened and then spoke in response. "Is there an Axiraxin the house? No? Ok, what... .. yes it's a trap, but sh-.. oh yeah, I'm supposed to say "For Arix" and then charge! Rollo, you fireball!

Lunching hunched into the room, Rollo Mad Dog, dressed in full plate, with the shield of Kal K'thon wrapped around one enormous arm, and closing his visor. Rollo's mind, like a scrabbling hand stumbling around a braille library in broad daylight, he has scoured the secrets of the dragons stolen from Arix. Forth from his mouthguard, the fires of his blood were hurled at the scabs, the muckrakers, those who steal from the wall. "Kill the weak!"

"You first." Banft set down his book and marked it with a quill. The thrise-stolen magics all worked the same. The fire sank into the quill, catching the script crimson and bursting into flame. Banft smiled. SOME DIALOGUE: "Our word ‘consumption’ is "D’an N’glo" in your language, is it not?"...

The Chant began, as if it were mid irae in the day. The sound played a beat, strong and resonant, yet subtley an Adagio, playing the dwarves for fools, for they knew a tired beat when they heard it.

Instantly, the mouths of Hunger surrounded the Dwarves. As if smelling him out on the wind, the knashing mouths began to worm their way in to chew once more on his tender fleshy flesh. 

Rollo was caught in the swarm of the storm. He spat and hunkered further somehow. "Which one of you can cast spells again?"

The Deacons, the Rectors, the Bishops, and the Archbiships hesitated for a momement.

The Black Maw wasn't really certain about this moment. "Secrecy is the greatest weapon" has a nice ring to it. And then there is all the benefits. Now, suddenly, the Dwarves were knocking at the gate. 

The Deacons really wanted to eat Rollo. All the Priests were guessing that the Deacons were also thinking that, and so the Bishop of O'Herves and the Arch Biship of Can'tbury'em looked at each other and tossed Rollo their worst. Rollo began to dance, as a wave of shadows surrounded him.

"NO no! Stop touching my toes! Hey! Scabs!"

A wall of curses slammed into Rollo. Rollo's R’ng rune bounced the curses back at his Grace, and Banft. Rollo did develop some alarming pimples, and felt the familiar grip of the grip of the Black Maw. Banft was nonplussed. He shook his hand. Was this thing on? Damned Dwarves and what the actual fruitcake was happening to him?

Temper 
Then the battle of words between Jord and Banft. 



Arix lay panting, his back against the wall beside the door. 

"How many guys are IN there?" 

"A ton!" Jord shouted, "and a demon!"

"A demon!" Arix jumped to his feet, and looked into the room. There was a demon. He has some words for it THOMAS PLEASE ENTER WORDS HERE"

"We've got to save them!" 

"Save them? Or lose?" Eshrak considered for just a moment, then grinned.

He spoke: TMHF

The demon froze. TMHF